This is an RPG made by Hamas.
RPG seven VR.
This is home
and you can see the symbol of Ha
over here.
It's written curtail
some which means the troops of o
the enemy, Kassam Qassam Brigade
Yeah, Kassam brigades.
You have
the engine of RPG
seven and the warheads of RPG 29
This is homemade in their factor
in Hamas factories in Gaza.
In Gaza.
But these every everything here
the attacks.
This is yeah.
This is all this was found insid
our villages and bases inside Is
We found this in private houses,
in vehicles.
We found IEDs attached to privat
vehicles, to tanks inside our ba
All around the Gaza border.
And grenades.
Yeah, this is grenades.
Also, you can see
the Islamic year over here.
Yep. 1437.
Coté able to some again, some br
Yeah. Yeah. Because some brigade
and these some of these
all of these
these I know
were thrown into into houses.
You can see in houses
we fragmentation kills
You can see any shelters
where people have gathered some
Yeah.
And some of the shelters
when they managed to open only o
they just threw grenades inside
It's still striking to see the w
Right.
To see
just the amount of the arsenal
and to learn about where
and when they came from.
You know some data
back to the Soviet Union,
but others recently from Iran
You can see here Claymore,
which is anti person IED
shaped charge, IED against tanks
landmines
and these aren't these anti-tank
Yeah, this is anti-tank landmine
It's called T6.
Some of this comes from other pl
Those are RPGs are very old
from the Soviet Union like years
But most of the stuff
came from Gaza Strip factories
We also found last night
last night,
just last night, we found these
60 millimeters, mortars made by
You can see there's
no symbol of Hamas over here.
You can see now no symbol of Ham
Everything else has the symbol o
This is 60 millimeter mortar
package.
This is Iranian mortar.
We know it.
And how do you know this?
Fuze called a Z one on one.
This is Iranian.
I know it.
This one is 60 millimeter mortar
Of Iran.
And this one you got last night?
Just last night?
Yeah. That's a whole.
It's called Cat's a Hole.
It's right near Bury.
We found like 15 more vehicles o
with dead bodies of terrorists,
vehicles, Hamas vehicles that th
brought inside Israel. It has
like hundreds of
IEDs, rockets, mortars, weapons,
all around.
And we found about 20 of these
And are you able to tell from th
when they were
I guess you can tell
when they were manufactured
in China, Anderson.
You can see when they came from
Yeah I saw that
as you can see it was 2018 2018.
Yeah, I see it May 20, fifth 201
That would be the manufacture da